d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.xr.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.xr.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Sovenga\Documents\My Windows Project\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\BlankPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.xr.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.exe
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.pdb
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\bin\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.build.appxrecipe
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\BlankPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\BlankPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.i.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\BlankPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\BlankPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xaml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\DemoPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\QuestionsPage.xbf
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.exe
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.pdb
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\StudyApp.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\Mod\Documents\StudyApp\StudyApp\StudyApp.Windows\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
